Hello, hope you are doing well. So, in
this video, I want to talk a bit about
something I built over the weekend. This
is kind of the browser tool for AI
agents.
And yeah, I think it's just really good
and I'm going to make it open source.
So, you can just install it like NPM
install G surf agent. I call it that.
So, basically, today I just want to show
you what this can do because I was
really surprised how well it works. So,
let's say we just
open up Cloud Code here for example. We
go to I logged into my Discord. And this
is the advantage of this, we don't
really
need any APIs, right? So, I'm logged
into my Discord. I can just say navigate
to the Bossy server, read what's
happening in general. So, now we should
have all the tools after we did the NPM
install surf agent. And I did some
custom
addition things to this package here.
So, we can actually navigate Discord
with this now. So, we should be able
now, you can see we are navigating in
the background here into the server,
right? I guess we can just go here. We
can check the general chat like we said.
And we should be able to get all the
context from the Discord, right? You can
see we are looking up the channels. Now,
we're going to general, right? General
chat. And now we can grab all the
context from this server and use it for
whatever you want. So, it's super easy
to use. You can see here now, we are
kind of doing a recon. You can see in
the background, we are scanning all the
chats here like the last 200 messages.
And now we can use this as context. So,
this could be on your own server if you
want to catch up or something. And you
can see here's what's going on in the
general chat. You can see Discord worms,
scam discussion, AI music generation.
Yeah, you get the point. So, this is
what I've been building and I'm going to
show you a few things we can use this
for today. And you can kind of adapt it
to whatever you want to. And like I
said, this is open source now. So, you
can just use it for free. So, let me
show you a few things we can do with
this. But before we do that, I want to
tell you about today's sponsor, Freebuf.
So, a quick word from today's sponsor
and that is going to be Freebuf. So,
coding agents these days are 20 100 $200
a month depending on your usage. But
Freebuf is just free. So, this is funded
by text ads, no subscriptions, and they
don't even trade on your code. So, I
want to show you how to install this
now. It's super easy. So, all you have
to do, go to freebuf.com, copy this, NPM
G is install Freebuf. Just go to your
terminal and just run this, right?
Should be super quick. Perfect, we are
in. So, I can just say, "Hello." And one
thing they have, you can see here if you
zoom in a bit, you can see they have
something called suggested follow-up.
So, we can do explore projects, new
feature, or code review. This is pretty
cool. I kind of like this. But what I
want to do is connect this to my ChatGPT
subscription. So, if I do  and I
do connect, you can see connect to your
ChatGPT account. And you can see I can
confirm this. Yeah, continue. Connected,
perfect. If I go back here now, ChatGPT
connected. And now you can see I can do
plan, create a plan with GPT 5.4. So,
you can see I just launched create a
plan to use FFmpeg to remove the silence
part of an MP4 file. Okay, so you can
see we got a plan from Freebuf. Now, I'm
just going to say, "Yeah, I want to
implement the plan." And let's see if
this works. Okay, so that was done,
perfect. So, now let's test it out now.
So, I have this video here. It's
how long is it? 5 minutes long. So,
let's just run this now. So, we're going
to do the Python remove silence. We're
going to path.
Let's see how this goes now. So, we're
going to speed up FFmpeg, cutting 45
segments. Okay, perfect. No silence. So,
we went from 5 minutes to 2:20. Let's
have a quick listen. So, all you have to
do, go to freebuf.com. Yeah, that works.
So, that was super easy, right? So, now
we created this tool. Perfect. So, yeah,
I would just go to freebuf.com. Go check
it out. I'm going to leave a link in the
description so you can try this out. And
yeah, a big thanks to Freebuf for
sponsoring this segment of the video.
Now, let's go back to the project. Okay,
like I said, you can see I have done
this as an NPM package now. You can see
we only have to do like NPM surf agent
or something like that. So, let me just
grab this here now. And let's just start
a new. So, we have like a new terminal
here on Cloud Code. And we have like a
fresh
cursor empty
repo here. So, let's just
start with and let's just do the NPM
install, right?
And now I'm going to see show you how
easy it is to get this set up now. So,
we just going to install the package
with NPM install. And you can see
Yeah. This is installed. And now I'm
just going to tell it uh
Yeah, it's a browser automation API for
AI agents using Chrome CDP. Let me
install it globally.
Uh yeah, that is fine. We didn't really
need to install it globally. But it's
fine. We can use it for other things,
too.
Uh but now I just want to say
do you know
how to use it, right?
Yeah, so we kind of read all the
information. So, now we can just start
this. So, I'm just going to say
uh go to Hacker News or something like
that, right?
That should be enough. We are kind of
already running on this port now. So,
let's see if that's going to be an
issue. We're just going to do surf agent
start. You can see we are already
running on this port. Yeah, but that is
fine. So, now it should just going to
pick a different port and we can open up
this, right? And now we are inside here.
So, you can see we went to Hacker News,
perfect.
So, let me give you some different
instructions here of what we can do. So,
you can see it's using reading all the
information here. You can see we have
DaVinci Resolve. This is the top post.
We got all the posts. You want me to
click any of these articles. So, let's
say we say click into number 10,
distributed duck DB.
instance. So, let's just say click to
10. And this should be able to do this
now.
Yeah, we got right right into the open
duck DB, right? Perfect. So, let's just
go back here and let's just leave Hacker
News because now I want to show you that
we can actually do Google Sheets with
this. This is pretty cool.
So, now I'm just going to say, "Yeah,
you can see it kind of read the Google
Sheets." Uh let's do like a quick
research project now. Let's just try to
do use surf agents to find all the API
prices for Opus 4.6, Sonnet 4.6, GPT
4.4, and Gemini 4.1.
Uh then enter these into Google Sheets,
right?
So, let's see if we can do this
challenge here now. So, it needs to go
out, find all the prices, right? You can
see it's starting. So, it should be
pretty quick because we are using this
recon call to you can see it kind of
speeding up here to find uh everything
it needs to click uh autonomous. So, you
can see now we went to Claude, we went
to OpenAI, we went to Gemini, and we are
looking for those prices. And the final
thing we wanted to do was to go to
Google Sheets, fill in all this
information. You can see we are probably
just looking this up here now. Yeah, and
it probably wants to go back to Google
Sheets once we have all the information.
And we can start putting this into
uh the spreadsheets. So, let's see if we
can do that. Just give it some time
here.
And now you can see we are going back to
Google Sheets. And now let's see if it
can actually navigate this. You can see
we are trying now. You can see if we go
here, we are using so commands, right?
Value A1.
Now, it's going to try to figure out how
this works. You can see we could put A1
down there. And let's just see if it
figures this out now. And here you can
see it goes like it puts in all the rows
here. So, we do model, input, output.
Hopefully now you can see it have
faster. This is skips to Opus. Uh yeah,
and Sonnet 5.4. I guess we can do a bit
like this.
And yeah, maybe I messed it up now. GPT
5.4 fills in all the information. And it
should do Gemini 3.1 Pro. Yeah, you can
see this is fully autonomous. It kind of
learned how to operate sheets. And now
we can do this
things autonomous here. We can also
maybe ask it to do a graph or something.
Let's do that. Okay, so let's just ask
for a graph of the pricing.
Just for fun, let's see if we can do
this.
So, this kind of opens up a few more
things because we can go out, do
research. What happened here now?
An error record occurred. Okay, let's
see if we can fix it. But what I wanted
to say is that we can go out, do some
research, and go back, put everything
into like a spreadsheet or something
like that. Do some statistics and stuff
like that. But one thing I got to say is
that this is not this is not headless.
So, you need some setup like I have. I
kind of have a Mac mini that is running
this and is able to use the browser,
right? That is quite important. So, this
is not headless. I haven't looked at
that yet. So, we just reloaded page.
Now, let's see if we can start to work
on the graph we asked for.
As you can see, it's missing actually a
price here. But let's just see what
happens.
And yeah, let's just let it run for a
while here. Okay, so you can see it goes
for insert. And let's see if it's going
to pick chart here. And yeah, there you
can see we have it. We have the chart
here, right? 1 million per token. We are
kind of missing this for Gemini 3.5 Pro.
3.1 Pro. But yeah, we got the chart we
asked for. Okay, that's pretty good.
Nice. And it's going to yeah, that's
fine.
And I think we're just going to stop it
here. And you can see it is possible to
operate like Google Sheets or something
by using this system, surf agent here.
But of course, the most uh useful thing
is that we can now skip APIs, right?
Because
if you have like a a station that can
run that doesn't need has to be
headless, you can just log in to your
page here. So, I'm logged in on x.com
here, and I can just say something like,
"We are on x.com explore searching for
the latest news on Claude Mitous,
right?" And this should now be able to
to kind of adapt to the page we are on
because we are running this recon
uh command that kind of uh maps
everything that is on the page, and we
can quickly navigate to those elements,
right? So, now we're just going to look
up this, and we can just recon the page.
We navigate everything on the page, and
we can start, yeah, doing stuff on the
page autonomously by using SurfAgent.
So, we went to explore, right? I said we
wanted to search for uh Claude Co-
Claude Mitous.
So, let's see if we put that into the
search field.
Yeah, Claude Mitous, we are searching
for that now, and we can kind of look up
Uh yeah, we have some small issues here,
but now we can uh find context on X,
right? We go to latest, and we start
mapping out the latest news on Claude
Mitous, and we can kind of build up like
a context here. And if you wanted to do
something more with
Yeah, that context, because we can read
everything on the page, and you can see
we can navigate, we can go to users, we
can write post and everything. So, let's
say uh let's try to build a post here on
Claude Mitous, and yeah,
see if we can make it work. So, let's
just do create a creative post on Claude
Mitous, lower capital, short, and post
it.
So, let's see if we can adapt to that
request here on X.
We go to post, right? And we should be
able to find this straight away using
kind of the recon feature, and we should
be able to just uh insert
uh the post here, and just click post.
So, yeah, you can even automate uh stuff
like this if you wanted to. Uh I already
done my experiments on this, so I'm not
using this so much for this now. You can
see here, we put everything in, and
we're just going to click post, right?
>> [snorts]
>> And yeah, super easy, and it works
pretty smooth. So, what I was most
impressed by uh
creating this over the weekend is the
speed, because it's gotten just so much
quicker when we actually run this recon
uh
command first to kind of uh map
everything that is on the page, right?
So, let's just do let's go to YouTube,
find videos on Claude Mitous. It should
be able to just
uh adapt to that very quick. Just go to
youtube.com, search query Claude Mitous,
and you can see
uh yeah, we find some videos on this,
and it should also be able to just grab
the transcription of a video. Let's go
to Love Levels video here.
Let's go to Love Level uh
grab transcript
and write a summary, something like
this, right?
So, let's see if we can do that. It
should be able to do that, I think, just
because of the mapping we do with the
recon. You can see we are going straight
into the video here, and we are playing
the video, but we should be looking for
the transcript, right? You can see we
are also scrolling, so it's very good at
scrolling, and it says show transcript,
and that should be here, right? On the
right side, yeah.
And it should be able to grab the full
transcript here, and we can use that for
context, like I said earlier, if we
wanted to.
Got the full tran- transcript,
uh the core finding,
Claude Mitous preview can autonomously
find and exploit zero-day
vulnerabilities. Pretty interesting
model.
So, yeah, I think I kind of have showed
just a small bit of what we can do now
with this automation, and I just started
with it. So, I haven't really explored
all the possibilities,
but uh it should be open source, so I
made it like a npm package, but you can
also go to the GitHub if you wanted to
check it out, right? And I'm going to
leave all the links in the description.
So, here you can read a bit more about
how it works, and how you can adapt it
to your use case.
So, yeah, hope you will check it out.
And that's what I want to share today,
and I'm going to come back with more
videos on this and how we can use it to
set up these automated pipelines.
Uh I've gotten into doing some small
passive incomes now with these
pipelines, so this fits very well to
some testing I have running at the
moment.
So, yeah, go check it out, and don't
forget to check out Freebird, that is
also a link in the description. So,
yeah, hope you enjoyed it, and hope you
will get some use of this. Share it,
leave some requests uh on the
uh GitHub if you have any things we want
to upgrade, because this is not perfect.
I just want to say that, and we have
some Claude MD files here, some
agent.md,
and there's a lot of things we can
improve, but uh I've been doing some QA
testing, but I can't do everything
alone. So, if you have any issues, pull
request, just uh yeah,
make it happen.
So, yeah, thank you for tuning in. Like
I said, check out the links in the
description, and have a great day.